eng	There's apparently no cure for what Tom has.
eng	Tom says he isn't planning to do that tomorrow.
eng	You didn't have any help doing that, did you?
eng	There wasn't enough evidence to convict Tom.
eng	Tom says he has something to do this afternoon.
eng	You didn't have a chance to do that, did you?
eng	The only one here who's able do that is Tom.
eng	Tom says he doesn't think that'll happen today.
eng	You didn't actually need to do that, did you?
eng	The only one here who has to do that is Tom.
eng	Tom says he doesn't think he can do that today.
eng	You didn't actually have to do that, did you?
eng	The cut on Tom's leg appears to have healed.
eng	Tom says he doesn't really know how to do that.
eng	You did apologize for doing that, didn't you?
eng	Someone tried to steal Tom's car last night.
eng	Tom says he doesn't need to do that right away.
eng	You could stay with us in Boston if you want.
eng	So far, Tom is the only one who's done that.
eng	Tom says he doesn't know what made him do that.
eng	You could do that right now if you wanted to.
eng	Please tell me whether Tom does that or not.
eng	Tom says he doesn't have to do that right away.
eng	You could be doing that now if you wanted to.
eng	Please tell Tom to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
eng	Tom says he doesn't have to do that by himself.
eng	You can still do that pretty well, can't you?
eng	Perhaps Tom would enjoy doing that with you.
eng	Tom says he doesn't have time to do that today.
eng	You can do that better than anyone else here.
eng	Maybe Tom doesn't know what he needs to buy.
eng	Tom says he doesn't feel like doing that today.
eng	You always do that in the evening, don't you?
eng	Maybe Tom doesn't know that I won't do that.
eng	Tom says he doesn't ever want to do that again.
eng	Would you still be willing to do that for us?
eng	Maybe Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that.
eng	It's clear that Tom doesn't want to do that.
eng	Tom said your snoring didn't bother him at all.
eng	Who told you that you didn't need to do that?
eng	It's clear that Tom doesn't want to be here.
eng	Tom said you just have to wait a little longer.
eng	Who told you that you didn't have to do that?
eng	It's clear that Tom doesn't like doing that.
eng	Tom said we weren't allowed to do that anymore.
eng	Who do you like to spend your free time with?
eng	It sounds like Tom might be able to do that.
eng	Tom said we needed to be a little more careful.
eng	Who cooks better, your mother or your father?
eng	It looks like Tom is about the start crying.
eng	Tom said there might be one piece of cake left.
eng	When you need help, who do you usually go to?
eng	Isn't there a chance that Tom is doing that?
eng	Tom said that's not likely to happen this week.
eng	When you have some free time, please do that.
eng	I've never actually gone on a date with Tom.
eng	Tom said that won't likely happen anytime soon.
eng	When the weather's nice, I do that every day.
eng	I'm the only one who really understands Tom.
eng	Tom said that probably wouldn't happen anymore.
eng	What you're planning to do is very dangerous.
eng	I'm the only one who ever really helped Tom.
eng	Tom said that he'd be glad to buy that for you.
eng	What were you doing at 2:30 in the afternoon?
eng	I'm sure Tom wouldn't be tempted to do that.
eng	Tom said that he wanted to talk to the manager.
eng	What do you think the best way to do that is?
eng	I'm sure Tom won't be up this late at night.
eng	Tom said that he really did do that by himself.
eng	What do you think is the best way to do that?
eng	I'm sure Tom won't be in Boston next Monday.
eng	Tom said that he needed to talk to the manager.
eng	What color do you plan to paint your kitchen?
eng	I'm sure Tom will be ready to leave by 2:30.
eng	Tom said it's not the first time that happened.
eng	We've all taught French here for a few years.
eng	I'm sure Tom isn't the first one to do that.
eng	Tom said it wouldn't take much time to do that.
eng	We've all lived in Boston since we were born.
eng	I'm pretty sure Tom has relatives in Boston.
eng	Tom said his house wasn't damaged by the storm.
eng	We're fortunate that we're permitted do that.
eng	I'm going to ask Tom to never do that again.
eng	Tom said he's only done that about three times.
eng	We're fortunate that we were able to do that.
eng	I'm fairly certain Tom hasn't done that yet.
eng	Tom said he's looking forward to being retired.
eng	We might be in Boston the day after tomorrow.
eng	I'll have to stay here and help Tom do that.
eng	Tom said he's glad that that's going to happen.
eng	We hope that you'll be in Boston next spring.
eng	I wonder why Tom thought you had to do that.
eng	Tom said he's always been interested in sports.
eng	We have until October to finish this project.
deu	Ich will nicht so lange warten.
deu	Warum kommst du uns nicht besuchen?
deu	Aber die Möglichkeit scheint unwahrscheinlich.
deu	Es war eine schlechte Idee, sich abzumelden.
deu	Ich weiß nicht mehr, was ich tun soll.
deu	Es ist unvermeidbar, dass ich eines Tages nach Frankreich gehe, ich weiß nur nicht, wann.
deu	Ich hasse Chemie.
deu	Ich wollte nicht, dass das passiert.
deu	Du kannst vermutlich erahnen, was indessen passiert.
deu	Bevor du dich versiehst, wirst du in der Zeitung sein.
deu	Was für andere Optionen habe ich?
deu	Ich habe nicht viel von einem Reisenden.
deu	Ich habe nichts Besseres zu tun.
deu	Ich kann es auch nicht erklären.
deu	Aber im Ernst, die Episode 21 hat mich fast vor Lachen weinen lassen.
deu	Es zeigt nur, dass du kein Roboter bist.
deu	Wie könnte ich ein Roboter sein? Roboter träumen nicht.
deu	"Daran habe ich nie gedacht", sagte der alte Mann. "Was sollen wir tun?"
deu	Das ist nichts, was jeder Beliebige tun kann.
deu	Ich weiß nicht, ob ich es noch habe.
deu	Was denkst du, was ich gerade gemacht habe?
deu	Unterschätze nicht meine Macht!
deu	Meine Mutter spricht nicht sehr gut Englisch.
deu	Ich spreche nicht gut genug Französisch!
deu	Ich fragte mich, ob du heute kommen würdest.
deu	Dort liegt das Problem.
deu	Wie findest du Nahrung im Weltraum?
deu	Ihr müsst nichts tun, außer euch zu vertrauen.
deu	Alle wollen dich kennenlernen. Du bist berühmt!
deu	Wieso tut dir etwas leid, das du nicht gemacht hast?
deu	Ich verabscheue förmliches Schreiben zutiefst!
deu	Ausländer machen mich neugierig.
deu	Was auch immer ich tue, sie sagt, ich kann es besser.
deu	Warum bist du um diese Uhrzeit noch wach?
deu	Du wärst überrascht, was man in einer Woche lernen kann.
deu	Ich habe niemanden, der mit mir reisen würde.
deu	Du bist nicht schnell genug.
deu	Das Leben ist hart, aber ich bin härter.
deu	Ertragen kann unerträglich sein.
deu	Hör auf! Sie fühlt sich dadurch unbehaglich!
deu	Nur die Wahrheit ist schön.
deu	Morgen wird er auf dem Mond landen.
deu	Ich spreche kein Japanisch.
deu	Das ist ein Wortspiel.
deu	Niemand versteht mich.
deu	Ich habe gelernt, ohne sie zu leben.
deu	Das bringt nichts mehr, weiter nachzudenken.
deu	Mir gehen in diesen Tagen zu viele Dinge durch den Kopf.
deu	Ich wollte gerade meine E-Mails abrufen.
deu	Musst du wirklich die Frage stellen, um die A.
jpn	知らない.
jpn	何と言ったら良いか分かりません.
jpn	きりがない.
jpn	何と言ったらいいか・・・.
jpn	こいつは悪いウサギだった.
jpn	私は山にいました.
jpn	それは最近の写真?
jpn	時間があるか分かりません.
jpn	先程、どういうわけかマイクが入りませんでした.
jpn	この世界の教育にはがっかりしてしまう.
jpn	私は一日に100ユーロ稼ぎます.
jpn	すぐに諦めて昼寝をするかも知れない.
jpn	それはあなたが一人になりたくないからです.
jpn	そんなことは起きないでしょう.
jpn	彼は時々変です.
jpn	あなたの勉強を邪魔しないようにします.
jpn	みんなもそうなのかな、と思うことくらいしかできない.
jpn	長い目で見れば違ってくると思います.
jpn	心配しないで.
jpn	会えなくて淋しい.
jpn	明日帰ったら電話します.
jpn	私はいつも不思議な性格の方が好きだった.
jpn	眠った方がいいよ.
jpn	行くよ.
jpn	私は彼らにチケットをもう一枚送ってくれるように頼んだ.
jpn	君は僕にとてもいらいらしている.
jpn	私はそんな風には生きられない.
jpn	私は一時期、天体物理学者になりたかった.
jpn	生物学は好きになれません.
jpn	僕が最後に自分の考えを伝えた人は、僕を気違いだと思ったようだ.
jpn	残念ながらそれは本当なのです.
jpn	大抵の人は僕を気違いだと思っている.
jpn	私は違います。あなたです.
jpn	それは私の台詞だよ!
jpn	彼は私を蹴っています!
jpn	そうしたらひとつ問題があって・・・.
jpn	あ！蝶々がいる!
jpn	急いで!
jpn	驚くことではないね.
jpn	私はなぜか夜の方が元気だ.
jpn	それは文脈による.
jpn	冗談でしょ!?
jpn	こんな馬鹿なことは言ったことが無い.
jpn	のろまにはなりたくない。かっこ良くなりたい!!
jpn	大きくなったら王様になりたい.
jpn	お金を稼ぎたいならアメリカが一番だ.
jpn	僕はすごく太ってる.
jpn	日本語 罰してやるよ.
rus	Это был злой кролик.
rus	Это новая фотография?
rus	Я не знаю, будет ли у меня время.
rus	Микрофон по какой-то причине до этого не работал.
rus	Каждый, в итоге, должен учиться сам.
rus	Учиться нельзя заставлять. Учёбу нужно поощрять.
rus	Нелегко решать, что правильно, а что нет, но приходится это делать.
rus	Это ничего не изменит.
rus	Я зарабатываю сто евро в день.
rus	Я, может, скоро сдамся и вместо этого пойду вздремну.
rus	Этого не случится.
rus	Иногда он очень странен.
rus	Я постараюсь не мешать тебе учиться.
rus	Я могу только догадываться, так ли это и для всех остальных.
rus	Я полагаю, это будет выглядеть несколько иначе, когда ты подумаешь об этом в долгосрочном плане.
rus	Не беспокойся.
rus	Я скучаю по тебе.
rus	Я позвоню им завтра, когда вернусь домой.
rus	Мне всегда больше нравились таинственные персонажи.
rus	Тебе лучше поспать.
rus	Я пойду.
rus	Я сказал им послать мне ещё один билет.
rus	У тебя не хватает терпения на меня.
rus	Я так жить не могу.
rus	Когда-то я хотел быть астрофизиком.
rus	Я никогда не любил биологию.
rus	Последний человек, которому я рассказал свою идею, решил, что я сумасшедший.
rus	Если бы мир не был таким, каков он сейчас, я мог бы доверять людям.
rus	К сожалению, это правда.
rus	Они слишком заняты склоками друг с другом, чтобы думать об общих идеалах.
rus	Большинство людей думает, что я сумасшедший.
rus	Нет, не я, а ты!
rus	Это мой ответ!
rus	Он меня пинает!
rus	Ты уверен?
rus	Тогда это проблема...
rus	О, здесь бабочка!